# InactJS

## Quick Start

Build your first InactJS dynamic HTML page:

1. Reference the inactjs file in your HTML (see the example index.html file)
1. Instantiate the InactJS class:
	<pre>const _ = new Inact()</pre>
1. Begin building your HTML as shown in the index.js example page.

A few notes:
* If you don't want to use "\_" as the class name, name it whatever you like.
* The example text runs all of the code inside the window 'load' event. This is to ensure that the DOM elements are available when the script runs. Other ways to achieve the same purpose without using the window load event are to put the script references at the bottom of the HTML, or put a "defer" attribute inside of the script tags.
* By default, InactJS puts its content directly into the &lt;body&gt; tag. But you can change this behavior by passing in an element into the constructor that you'd like InactJS to render in. For example
  <pre>const _ = new InactJS(document.querySelector('div#App'))</pre>

## What Is InactJS?

InactJS is a micro-library that builds dynamic HTML. It is intended to be run right from your file system. Just reference it in your HTML file ahead of your own JavaScript files. Since your own JavaScript doesn't have to import this library, you won't encounter any Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) restrictions when running it directly from your file system.

If you look at the index.html file, you'll notice that there's nothing inside the body tags. That's because all of the content you see on the page is generated by InactJS. InactJS is inserting "child elements" inside the body tag.

See the examples:
* the index.html file shows how to add the library to your HTML pages
* the index.js file shows how to add content using the InactJS script

## It's for prototypes

The idea behind InactJS is that it's a handy tool for building simple HTML prototypes. Most web applications will need far more support than this library is designed to offer, like state management, etc. But because you don't need to run this library from a server, it's handier than prototyping in straight HTML. Because the library is a simple, easy-to-follow one-page JavaScript file, it's easy to edit to adapt to your own needs.

## What's included...

Included in this repo are a single library file (inact.js) and demo files:

* inact.js - this is the micro-library that renders HTML. It's the only file from this repo you need.
* index.html - a demo file to show how to include the library in your HTML.
* index.js - a demo file to show how to use the library.
* style.css - just enough of a stylesheet to make the demo look passable.